This is a head-gum original.
The heart is begging.
first sip feeling. That's how I'm feeling today. Have you guys seen this?
I don't think so. It's printed on Starbucks cups.
Yes, I've seen it. First sip feeling. It says, let us add a little joy to your day. So I think that
some marketing person at Starbucks listens to the show.
Don't come out.
Get started.
Yeah.
That Friday feeling though for real.
Thank you.
Friends are so spindly.
Japs.
And Japs.
Sorry.
Oh.
That's for the Patreon.
Blood for this one.
But we're going to start.
No free foot content.
Are you guys feeling that Friday feeling?
You didn't answer the little thing. Yeah.
Yeah, big time.
Now I am big time.
Big time.
Yeah.
Brad, you've been coming in with a certain joy.
Do you want to speak to that?
Just in a good mood for now for now.
For now.
I think we're going to either sour it or enhance it.
Let's keep things going.
Some uh, it's bond news.
The casting office working on the new James films said that it's not going to be, well,
first of all, they've only been saying it's going to be a guy.
So they're saying it's not going to be a guy in his 20s because they don't have that
grovy toss.
Uh, so I don't know, like Brad, you're in your 30s.
I'm not, what do you guys think?
Let's go at Ali and then Marieka.
Who do you guys think has more grovy toss?
The junior you and Brad?
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, I'm going to go Brad for sure.
Cause you're kind of wearing heart shaped glasses right now.
And that to me isn't really gravitas.
Yeah, I've got a hole in my jacket, which is kind of humble.
That's humble.
It begs the question, like, where has he been?
What has he been up to?
And you know what they say about having a hole in your jacket.
It's better.
It's better to have a hole in your jacket than a jacket in your hole.
Closet.
Like my son.
No, it's better to have a jacket in your closet than to have a whole red coat.
No, yeah, you just want to catch Marika saying no.
I wanted to catch her outside with a jacket on.
Well, my bond of the week was going to be Brad, but I'm going to make it.
Maybe take it back now.
Take it back now, y'all.
What have this time?
Uh, that wasn't me getting the number wrong.
That was me saying peace and love.
Uh, my bond of the week is Ringo star.
That's cool.
My bond of the week.
I got to give it to Joe Allen.
Cause like give him a job.
You know, I mean,
sorry, it's roughly for him.
You want him to be bond because he's an unemployed actor.
He's not unemployed actor.
He, it's just, there's been a lot of like tweets and discussion going on.
Post break up with Taylor Swift, like that he's just never going to work again,
uh, which I don't believe.
And so why don't we give him, you know, why don't we give him bond?
Well, and also in this acting gig economy, maybe he is on a play right now.
Alley's reading from no cards.
She's scripted this out.
This is so fucked up.
Chicken is feeding her lines.
Yeah.
We should also say for the, I mean, the audio listeners haven't heard his ass,
but the visual listeners have seen his ass or lack there up.
I'm here's been setting up for nine minutes.
He owns a podcast company and it takes him that long.
Uh, we're in, baby.
There he is.
Uh, Brad, who's your brother the week?
Did you say I did not.
I'm going to go with Steven.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
That's a really big alley.
Who do you got?
What?
You're more didn't know?
Yeah.
I was going to elaborate.
I didn't.
The goal at it's fine.
Go, row, no, yeah.
I looked like I'm hung over, but I didn't, I got dinner last night.
That's not like a hungover thing.
It's kind of funny.
Didn't they also say that it not only is it going to probably be someone in their 30s,
but it's someone unknown.
Relatively unknown.
Relatively.
All right.
So my bond of the week is Jeff and five years.
I could do the accent.
Yeah.
The name is Jeff.
Five years to, you've got five years to James Bond.
Yeah, she's saying that you're still going to be relatively unknown in five years.
Kind of an insult, too.
Really.
I thought I was sort of a Conahey style where it's like my hero is myself in five years.
That's just, I think, a way to just self-diagnosed narcissism.
No, that's speech made me laugh.
I think about that probably quarterly.
So it's about a ton of time.
That's like 25 more times than I have.
Amirial is doing his taxes.
It seems we got Freddie Freeman.
Let's move on.
A French court approved Mac calls unpopular plan to raise the retirement age in France.
Thought?
Yeah, how was, how was France?
We talked about it last week.
We talked about it last week, so we don't have to keep going on in France.
We're asking if it was a friend.
It was awesome.
Yeah.
I sort of appreciate the French culture in terms of sitting on a patio, really,
and indulging in a beefboard in yarn for lunch.
Yeah, that's a fair French.
That's the thing in France, they have a heavy lunch, right?
Because you might take a two hour lunch, which is kind of unheard of.
For us, we go to what tacos delta just to make it fast and cheap versus in France.
They'll spend $80 or sorry, you're out on their own lunch.
Yeah, it's fun visiting a country that is indominated by capitalism, like people just take long vacation, stores are closed in the afternoon.
They're not supremely just motivated by maximizing cash until they die.
Yeah, if anything, I'm sorry to say, Brad, but they're about maximizing cash.
I had some of the best sex in my life in France.
And that was directed at me.
Why? I was apologizing sort of as like a trigger warning to you, because I didn't want to offend.
You've been on the show a lot less than the other three, so they were just kind of used to it in terms of, um, cash.
Okay, appreciate that.
While I was in Paris, uh, Pavey actually ended up at a Macron protest, but it wasn't because I necessarily care
about the pension age in France, but it was because I was walking in the same general direction, right?
So it felt like I was joining the stream of sea turtles in finding Mimo.
What is the ancient?
From the toilet.
They bumped it up from 62 to 64, which I think is fun.
Yeah, I disagree. I don't think it's fun.
Well, it's not ideal, but it's, you know, it's not like 62 to 70, right? Like you can do 24 more months.
Don't you have to be 65 to get a senior discount at the movie theater here?
In America, yeah.
Yeah, so that's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying. Exactly, right? Exactly, right? Also with like expand, like life, life expectancy continues to go up.
So I don't know. It's like, it's like adjusting for inflation.
Marie, what do you got?
And see, is going up?
Is it not? I don't know if that's true. Really?
I thought it was a cut by like a quarter. It was like three years down, right?
I don't know at this point. From, we should all, yeah.
Yeah, um, and be a playoff. What do we think in a mirror?
Sun's versus bucks, the rematch, and be a finals. Really? That's my prediction.
Western conference finals. Who you have though?
Phoenix over Denver. Phoenix over Denver. That's not possible.
It would, that would be the semi finals. Let's go. Sun's over warriors in sixth. Do you believe
the Lakers can even win one series? Yes. So you think it'll be, they're going to fall to the
warriors? I mean, hopefully not, but yeah, I think that's the most likely scenario.
Are you putting money on it? I put money on. Other teams to win.
Are you going to see any games while they're playing an LA?
Am I going into the games, you mean? Yeah. No. Okay. Where do you think you might watch the games?
Probably with a buddy. I said, where? Oh, either at his house or mine or. Why are you
talking about something? What's that? Nothing.
Are you going to wear a jersey to support or purple and gold at all? Maybe a Lakers shirt. I don't
have a Lakers jersey. Yeah, you're doing some purple wine in that liquid gold. Hi, I see.
Just as like a gift. What do you? A mirror. What do you think about Tristan Thompson
going to the Lakers? I guess they needed one last big body to play third string center. I don't
think he'll get that many minutes, but at least he has high defensive IQ and some camaraderie
with Lebron James. So the very least he'll be able to impart wisdom from the bench. And if he's
playing, then things have either gone horribly right or wrong that game. It's cuffing season and
Tristan is a Laker. He is a big boy. He's a big boy. I need a big boy.
Done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done,
why? Um, Marie, can you want to talk about jar joy for a minute?
I assume you're referring to the screenshot that you texted me at 2 a.m. my time last night
that was a restaurant slash ghost kitchen that I assume serves cake jars. Did you order any?
I didn't get any, yeah. I think you should. Yeah, maybe. Have you guys talked about Jeff's ring yet?
No, no, where'd you get it? I got it on Rubel 3 in the fourth out on these
mole, Dupelli. It was actually across the street from Jim Morrison's last residence.
Oh, we did talk about that last time. We did, but I edited it out because it was not interesting.
So here we go again. Did you go to that store looking for a ring or did you just like see a ring
and you're like, oh, that could be kind of cool to wear that ring? Uh, the second one. I like it
because it says PG on it, which I sort of turned into Paris Jeff. Yeah, so when I put it on,
I feel like I'm in Paris or should I say Gaperie? Is it a, which is another GP? Is it another
all time thing or are you like, where'd if the outfit calls for it? It's if the outfit calls for it
is, if I'm in the mood to be gay, whether in Paris or not, and yeah. So do you take it off at
night and put it on in the morning? Like, I can get off of my finger, which depends if it's colder
hot in the room. Yeah, it was hot. Hot right now. Yeah, because it's hot. And if it's not hot,
it almost falls off. So I don't know if it's the right size or what? Interesting. Can you slide it
up and not off right now? Or it's kind of tightly on there. Taking a look, he's sort of rotating
on there. Yeah, it's really a past and not cool. Right. Um, I sent Marieka this screenshot, right?
Of Jarjoy and not to be confused with Jarria. This is what it looked like.
Like an appetizing image. Not at all. No, it looks a little bit. It looks like
nocturnal emissions. Let's just call it what it is. Uh, my question is also $13 for Jarjoy.
That's pretty steep. I wanted to know what your guys' Jarjoy was. Jar of joy.
Jarjoy. Sorry, Jarjoy actually, not to be confused with scarred, sorry,
charred soy. We'll get to that. My, what a cliff. Jarjoy currently. Have you guys been on water
talk? Like, tick talks about water. Yeah. It's a new thing. I can't keep up with anybody
younger than me at this point. Well, I feel like they're not younger. I feel like they're like
women in their 30s that are going around being like, let's make my water for the day and it's
they'll they'll fill this is this is just regular water in my Stanley cup, but they'll take
those Stanley cups and they'll pour packets of flavoring in there like three or four. They'll
they'll pour sugar free syrup. I just saw on today that was a lady making a pink wedding cake
water. Uh, gross. But if you're putting syrup in your flat water like you're not always
something else. Yeah. Jar in season and all the cake is in jars. I need a jar joy. I need a jar joy.
Yeah. So that's my jar. Yeah. So that's jar. Your jar joy. Yeah. Allie, what's your jar joy?
I haven't seen. I haven't really been interacting with a lot of jars lately.
Uh, I don't, I don't know. I guess just I've been making my whole, I don't know.
That's fair. You don't need to have an answer. I guess just uh,
we're going to make it around robin of sorts. I appreciate you asking and checking in. What about
a favorite condiment? Well, that comes in a jar. That's completely different than jar joy.
Unless you're jar joy is this condiment. So let's maybe not redirect the whole fucking round
table until everyone's got a chance. I was just kidding. I, I just keep thinking of jar joy,
jar jar banks. That's just new. Yeah. Jar joy banks. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like that's it. That's his sister.
Okay. Jar jar banks. It's jar joy banks. Oh, hell out.
Oh, who invited jar joy with the ED jar.
Yeah. I also like to think of it as like a cake in a tin, but on top of a roof. So it's a jar
joyle. Oh, God. What, Brad, you're even having an answer for your jar joy.
Last week I asked you if you would found your beach and you didn't have an answer for that.
You yes, I did. Really? You haven't asked me yet today and I answered you last week. What's your jar
joy? I've been experimenting with pickling a lot. I pickled an avocado.
Yeah. It's real. No, it's a real thing. It's actually pretty good on a sandwich. Pickled avocado.
Was it? Is the catchest and see the same on a sandwich? Does it stay creamy, my friends?
What? I can ask if a pickled avocado stays creamy, my friend. My pickling. My friend's
part of it, but basically credit tore. How are you on a sandwich?
Yeah, we got the sandwich. For sure. How are you, my friend? The jar.
How am I putting it in the jar? Slices. Is it hot?
Oil, oil, oil. A lot of avocado. Cram is on.
Get a bigger jar if you have to cram it in there. You've got to really mush it in there and then it's good on a sandwich.
That's what I get. Yeah, there's never any question or another. Yeah, put some seasoning in there.
Yeah, on the sandwich I mean on the sandwich. Yeah.
What are you pickling the avocado with? Like what's your vinegar spice combo? Great question.
Well, distilled white. Okay. On a sandwich. That's when I wanted
Walter White's daughter to be named. Distilled. Yeah. That's actually
jar jar binks his sister's name. Distilled on white binks.
Binks. And yeah, she's kind of a minks.
Speaking of, how do you guys stay sex ready? You didn't ask me about my jar joy.
Buy your jar joy. I had a pretty good answer.
So, so say it. That was your chance. Well, I don't know if you're going to move on entirely or
we were done with the segment. Just don't worry about the structure. Just say it if you have one.
Lingers, Matsubal soup gets delivered to you in a ball jar. Does it
creamy my friend? No, that's so creamy. It stays salty. There's a nice ball some egg noodles,
broth, and that's it. That's a good answer. That is a really good answer actually.
It's a fantastic answer. Yeah. You okay? A ball jar.
Binks. How do you guys stay sex ready? Like how do you like, you know, stay ready to just kind
of be there with not only emotionally but physically, like how do you stay ready to sort of swing that
thing, have liquid hips, and like, you know, you also got to make sure that your lips aren't
chapped. And by that, I mean, all four.
According to Silicon Valley.com, time flies when you're drinking good beer in San Jose.
Thoughts. I've been to San Jose. I don't know. It just, they
was the headline. Time flies when you're drinking good beer in San Jose.
Did you like San Jose a year? I mean, it's nice. It's a fairly big bay area city. I wouldn't say
it's super special, and I don't really like beer, so I disagree with the headline.
You know, in my head, I was just confusing. Yeah, so straight to commercial.
Our next sponsor is a product that I use literally every day, and that's AG1 by athletic
greens, right? I used to take a bunch of different pills and supplements to look out for my health,
but now I get it all from an all-in-one nutritional insurance, which is athletic greens. All right. It's
just one scoop in a cup of water every day. I wake up, get out of bed, put some water in my stomach.
All right, and then I do the AG1, and then I have my cold brew, and I'm off to the races, right?
The rat races, and honestly, the horse races, which I've lost a lot of money yet.
It's hard for me to keep up with a supplement routine. Like I said, it was expensive. It was
cumbersome, and now you can get it all from one delicious scoop of athletic greens. All right.
It's the healthiest thing you can do in under a minute, and it's powerful because it's so easy
that it fits into your lifestyle. I've come to crave the routine of doing this every morning. All right,
and I have this energy. It's what? 930 already, and I still have this energy because I started the day
with AG1, right? It's been a part of millions of mornings since 2010, and it gives you increased
energy and mood support, making it easy to live your best life. So if you're looking for an
easier way to take supplements, athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of vitamin
D and five free travel packs with your first purchase. Go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that? Check it out. Thanks, athleticgreens.
All of the rice. All of the rice ruin the rice in here, baby. Extra jar, and I want y'all,
the skulls, soy. Burn up the rice in here, baby. You know about grains, once you're to drink poison
sauce, once you're to char all of the grains. Dark jar, rice and jars, all of the rice, all of the
rice. Until it's beeny on, where we are, all of the rice. Sooooooooooooo! If you want rice, you can spill
poison all over the sand. If you eat grains, you will ruin the rest of your life, something wrong.
My stomach churns. I cooked the rice, but it didn't burn. I ate the rice. She called the best. I did
that time and ate that bread. I'm just kidding, it wasn't bread. It was ancient grains,
slathered and soy. To my surprise, consistency of sand, I had to take rice to that
ghetto university rice. White rice, brown rice, fried rice, black rice, sticky rice,
all of the rice, all of the grains. Jasmine, bomba, parboiled, long grain, arms,
be all of the rice. Some rice in here, baby. Extra soy, I want y'all, the skulls sand.
Scoop up the jar and rice, baby. You know about grains, once you're to hoes, always in sauce,
and watch you to charle the grains. I think the fascinating thing about that album that you're
now putting together, so that no album always has the same lyrics. I loved that you couldn't find
just a backing track and we just cure the actual song in the background. And that bars, by the way,
bars, chargers, chargers, chargers. I want to feature on one of those. If you wouldn't let me,
if you wouldn't mind letting me do a verse. No, that's that. That would be absolutely great. I mean,
how much is it? Absolutely great. Yeah. I'll do it pro bono. I'll do it pro bono.
YouTube parody, which is free as long as you pay me as good as bono. Do you guys have any notes?
Not a one. It was perfect. Really. I love the four. I love that. And I'm prompt to performance.
You're like, pretty on beat, um, lyricism is like classic. Yeah, you hit all the notes. You hit the
consistency of sand. There was an arms B reference in there, I believe. And sing great. It's been
really insane. Yeah. Jar. Yeah. Do you guys have any questions about the lyrics? Because there
anything you couldn't hear? I couldn't hear a lot of it. Yeah. It's here again. Let's get a
report thing. Or do you just want to hear me speak? I want to. I do have a question about, I like the,
the verse that listed all of the grains. Yeah. Yeah. Like I liked, I liked when you got to the all
of the grains or all of the rice part of the song. But I felt like that wasn't repeated as the chorus.
In terms of all of the grains. Like all of the grains. Yeah. All of the grains and all of
the rice. Okay. Well, you're wrong. Sorry to be like aggressive, but it's actually rice, white rice,
brown rice, fried rice, black rice, sticky rice, all of the rice, all of the grains. Jasmine,
bomba, parboiled, long grain, arms be all of the rice. And then it's ruined some rice in here, baby.
Extra soy, I want y'all to scald sand. Scoop up the child in rice, baby. You know about grains,
wants you to house hoisin sauce, wants you to char all of the grains. We're forever. I also, I feel like
all of ending that for ending that with all of the grains instead of all of the rice.
What was the choice behind that? It's the first one also ended with all of the grains. So that is a
rep, that's like a right, but the corrects of the regular song are all of short lights. But sometimes
live the rice, all of the grains. Sometimes the dissonance is a good thing. Yeah. Sometimes
are you wanting more asonants in the consonants or is the dissonance not resonant with your
ass? What's your stance on the resonance? The dissonance doesn't resonate. Okay.
I mean, in time it will. I thought it was perfect. You got, you have no notes from Brad.
Alley, you said that you were just happy that it's back. Do you have any notes? They've been so long
since no notes, they've been so long since something new has happened to me and this was new.
Can we just speak through these lyrics and then I'll see if you guys have any last minute notes?
I would love to hear. It's all of the rice, all of the rice.
Rice, rice, all of the rice. Ruin the rice in here, baby. Extra chart. I want y'all to scold soy.
Burn up the rice in here, baby. You know about grains. Want you to drink poison sauce. Want you to
char all of the grains. Dark char, rice and jars, all of the rice, all of the rice.
Until it's Benny Hanna, where we are, all of the rice. So, oh, boy. If you want rice, you can spill
hoisin all over the sand. Yeah. Right. That doesn't make sense. Well, sorry. What's the one that stuck out
to me? What do you mean? What's wrong with that? Poison sauce is like a thick plum sauce, right?
So, you spilled out on sand. That's not even close. If you want rice, you can spill hoisin on sand.
That's I think. I think that line would kind of like flow better if yeah. Because the actual
line is if you want it, you could get it for the rest of your life. Something like you could get it
for the rest of your rice. Something like that ending it with rice. If you want rice, you can spill
hoisin all over the sand. That's better. Yeah. Same. It's also not what I said, but if you eat
grains, you can ruin the rest of your rice. If you want grains, you will ruin the rest of your life.
Hmm. Something wrong. My stomach churns. I cooked the rice, but it didn't burn.
I ate the rice. She called the feds. I did that time and ate that bread. I'm just kidding. It was
in bread. It was ancient grain. I do live in a song where they're like just kidding. Yeah.
It was ancient grains slathered and soy to my surprise consistency of sand. I had to take
rice to that ghetto university. Yeah, that part kind of didn't flow. Rice, white rice, brown rice,
fried rice, black rice, sticky rice, all of the rice, all of the grains. Jazz with the wrong part.
I agree. Jasmine, bomba, parboiled, long grain, arms, be all of the rice. So I have a question about
that list. Bomba. Yeah. I believe it's like, I believe it's um,
it's like that yellow rice. Bomba. Bomba rice. Yeah. I see it as a type. I guess
in high A, right? Yeah. That kind of saffron. Exactly. Right. Yeah. Ruined some rice in here, baby.
Extra soy. I want y'all to. So I need to do these back to back so you can hear the differences.
The first one is Ruined some rice in here, baby. Extra charred. I want y'all to scold soy.
Burn up the rice in here, baby. You know about grains. I want you to drink poison sauce.
I want you to charl of the grains. Second one is Ruined some rice in here, baby.
Extra soy. I want y'all to scold soy. Scoop up the char in rice, baby. You know about grains.
I want you to house poison sauce. I want you to charl of the grains.
I do think it's interesting then. Your list of rice. It's all kind of rice except for parboiled
and all the speed. Yeah. And also a restaurant that doesn't exist anymore, right? All right. All right.
All right. I'm sorry to get sensitive because you guys are having notes. Also, I feel was a lyric earlier
in the song, Rice and Jar. Because the char. Rice and Jar. So I feel like we should start a business
called Rice and Jar. And it's Mason Jar's of Rice. Yeah. Bulls. Okay. Jar. So in we could call it,
what was it? Ice and Jar joy. Jar joy. Or maybe it was Jar joy. It was Jar joy.
Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. Joy. It's joy. It's joy. It's joy. It's joy.
Because it's a one by one. But it's jar. It's not. It's jarred. I'm trying to put together a
fucking album. All right. The last thing I need to be worrying about is a business venture
separate from all of that. Unless it's going to be a marketing like Papa. Are you saying it's a virtual
brand like when a fucking what's his name? Another wing DJ Khaled. Yeah. If it's that, I'm in, but I don't
want to do any work for it. That's going to be a marketing play on your ass. What I have to focus on is
the lyrics, the beats, the mastering, the mixing recording in that room. Yeah. We have to move on.
According to CNBC, you shouldn't ask how are you? You should ask these eight questions instead.
So this was an article, uh, at least by CNBC this morning. And I wanted to ask y'all these eight
questions and see what your response was. So basically the article argues that you shouldn't just
ask people, how are you? Because nobody ever gives a real answer to that. But they might give a
real answer to these. Let's start the first one. How are you really? That's just the final one.
Or you go straight to that first one. Hey, how are you really? That's the first one. It's
hey, how are you really? I'm really fine. Really. That's fine. Brad, you're asking me how I am really.
How are you really? I thought what your shirt says actually? Yeah. Hi. How are you? Yeah.
Really. Really. I think I would answer that the same way that I would answer. How are you? Which is fine.
Marika, how are you really? Fine. Allie? How are you? You're really? How? How are you really?
I'd be like, really? You want to know? All right. That was sort of a flop. Maybe a CNBC should have
ran it by the editors one last time. Here's the second one. These are real, by the way. I didn't
make these up. This is from the article. This is the second one. How are you doing right now?
They're they're telling you in this article that you're supposed to ask these in succession.
No, I think they're all alt. Okay. How are you doing right now?
Where are you going? Fine. Brad, how are you doing right now?
Also, also fine, man. Allie? How are you doing right now?
Hey. Oh, mirror. How are you doing right now? How are we not CNBC?
Yeah, it's funny. It's I like this. It's fun to be here. I'm happy.
Here's the third one. What's been on your mind lately?
That's like such a getting. Yeah, it's getting a little bit. What's been on your mind lately?
Anyone? Brad's shirt is basically these questions. That's funny.
It's cool down. Hi, how are you? I've been thinking a lot.
I was being carried into outer space. I flowed away and cutting that out. That exchange wasn't funny.
What the fuck is wrong? Sorry. How are you? I'm not sorry. Cannot sleep. I cannot be tonight.
I cannot sleep. I cannot burn the rice. Hey, don't burn your rice. It's so hard.
I'm just being hoisin' inside of the jar. Just for next season.
It's a little teaser for next season. That was really good. Don't waste your rice on the
jar already. It's joy inside my jar. How are I? I'm so sorry, etc. What's been on your mind lately?
Do you guys want to pass? There's a couple more that we have to get to.
Is there anything on your mind lately? Yeah, actually.
I'm not at liberty to talk about it on this forum. I guess you use vague sort of references
to it so that when it does happen or become public, we'll be like, oh, that's what he was
alluding to. I had a big professional opportunity happen yesterday and I'm really hoping that by the time
this episode comes out, there's some news around that. Is it like an audition? It's time for a
James Braun. That's brown bond. Actually, that could be funny. James Brown as Bond.
So it's like, dead. Get up! And the bad guy is like, when do you think you'll hear about the
huge opportunity? I think in the next week, these things move fast.
Like acting, writing, directing, which genre of creativity are we talking? Poetry,
Poesy, heresy, you're up for a heresy job. If you were being completely honest with me,
how would you describe your feelings lately?
Yes, it was just a way to say how are you? That's really probing. What's feeling good? And what's
feeling hard? That's what she said. Nice. Nice. That's kind of inappropriate.
All right, that's what I meant. Oh, sorry. Are you still sick, Jeff?
I'm, I, no, I wouldn't say I'm sick today. I'm still a little congested, but not sick.
You had like a cold or something? I had a non-COVID flu game.
And you think it's not COVID because you tested ones, tested every day, or just didn't feel like it was
COVID. I tested once twice, three times, no COVID. That's a Commodore's reference.
The last time we talked, you were dealing with insert problem. How has that been lately? So,
I, I tailored these to y'all. America, the last time we talked, you were dealing with not getting
into see every Broadway musical ever. How has that been lately? You know, it's rough, but I'm
powering through. Allie, last time we talked, you were, you were dealing with matters of the heart.
How has that been feeling lately? Better. Thank you.
Brad, last time we talked, you were dealing with me ghosting your ass. How has that been lately?
I mean, I haven't forgiven you. That's what you're asking.
I'm here. Last time we talked, you were dealing with COVID induced directile dysfunction.
Not hard, right? Nice.
Plugs. Let's get to our weekend. What do you guys have going on? What do you want to point to people towards?
Let's start with Allie.
We're going to have our next Allie, based how come happy hours show on May 11th at the Dynasty Type
Raider, which is very exciting. And besides that, you can follow me on Instagram at LACon
and at Letterbox and Twitter and my Venmo. By my sandwich.
That sounds good. Does anybody sent you any cash on Venmo?
Yeah, enough to buy a sandwich from this show. Is that legal? I want to know the
legality of that. Can I just solicit cash? Sure. I don't know. Actually, you guys said it was okay,
so I kind of just did it. Why would that be illegal, Bradder?
Bradder human on Instagram and also Venmo.
Venmo. Allie DashCon. What do we think? Yeah. And that's K-8.
Let's see if we can get Allie $250 this week. How's that for a sandwich?
If every listener of the show Venmo, you would be able to buy the richest person in this
fucking Zoom by a lot. Are you okay? You should be the richest one. Exactly.
Right. Compounding interest. Your courties. Yeah. I've had the most time to amass wealth and it's a
mouse to nothing. It's a mouse to nothing. Yeah, as then I started with a mountain and made it a
molehill. I basically put my entire net worth and my whole Amirussy into the F-T-A-Risk lower
word stock portfolio. I did not diversify your honor. I invested in my dog pile mail before they
went IPO. Or should I say, I peed. Oh. I peed out my cash out of my cash. I'll be telling her otherwise.
I don't know what's wrong with me. Very good. Venmo Allie and follow me at Marie Gailon on Instagram,
Twitter and letter box. All right. I must end up pitfall. This is the shit wall. Wow.